# Notice for enabling AI-enabled features in Sigma

# Notice for enabling AI-enabled features in Sigma

Please read the following carefully before authorizing AI-enabled features within the Sigma Service. For information on managing AI settings within Sigma, see [Configure AI features for your organization](/docs/configure-ai-features-for-your-organization).

## Data sharing with third-party applications

By using AI-enabled features, you, on behalf of the entity you represent, hereby acknowledge and consent that your Customer Data and User Information will be transmitted to and processed by a Third-Party Application, (e.g. OpenAI and/or Azure OpenAI), based on the integration you select. Such data sharing is essential for the proper functionality of the AI-enabled features in the Sigma Service.

## Capabilities and limitations of AI features

While the AI-enabled features are designed to enhance User experience and provide advanced analytical insights, it is important to note the following:

* **Accuracy of outputs:** The outputs generated by the Third-Party Applications, and thus the AI-enabled features, may be inaccurate, inappropriate, unreliable, or biased. Users are advised to manually review and verify all AI-generated outputs prior to using, publishing, or relying on them for any decisions or actions.
* **Human oversight and review:** Decisions based on AI-generated outputs, including those integrated into automatic pipelines, should include human oversight and review processes to ensure they are safe, accurate, and suitable for your intended use.
* **Disclaimer of liability:** Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, Sigma disclaims any and all liability for any inaccuracies, errors, or omissions in AI-generated outputs. Users shall exercise their own judgment and are encouraged to corroborate AI-generated information with other reliable sources. You acknowledge that all outputs generated by the Third-Party Applications are not provided by Sigma and Sigma is not responsible for the transmission, security, use, or deletion of any of your data, including Customer Data and User Information, by such Third-Party Applications.

## Acknowledgment

By proceeding to authorize these AI-enabled features, you, on behalf of the entity you represent, expressly accept and agree to the above terms and conditions. If you have any questions or require further clarification, please [contact our support team](/docs/sigma-support).

*Last updated: April 1, 2025*

Updated 3 days ago

---

[Configure a usage dashboard for Ask Sigma](/docs/configure-a-usage-dashboard-for-ask-sigma)[Manage export frequency and authentication settings](/docs/restrict-export-recipients)

* [Table of Contents](#)
* + [Data sharing with third-party applications](#data-sharing-with-third-party-applications)
  + [Capabilities and limitations of AI features](#capabilities-and-limitations-of-ai-features)
  + [Acknowledgment](#acknowledgment)